Disambiguate bins (#8)
secure-systems-lab/peps: pep-0458.txt

* Roles: There is one *root* role in PyPI.  There are multiple roles whose
  responsibilities are delegated to them directly or indirectly by the *root*
  role. The term top-level role refers to the *root* role and any role

>   delegated directly by the *root* role, i.e. *timestamp*, *snapshot* and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specified directly by the *root* role, i.e. *timestamp*, *snapshot* and
```

Reviewer: Let's not overload the term "delegate"

metadata MUST be updated whenever *root*, *targets* or delegated metadata are
updated.  Observe, though, that *root* and *targets* metadata are much less
likely to be updated as often as delegated metadata.  Similarly, the *bins* role

> will only be updated when a new *bin-n* role is added.  Therefore, *timestamp*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will only be updated when a *bin-n* role is added, updated, or removed.  Therefore, *timestamp*,
```

  VERSION_NUMBER.ROLENAME.json,
    where VERSION_NUMBER is an incrementing integer, and ROLENAME is one of the
    top-level metadata roles -- *root*, *snapshot* or *targets* -- or one of
    the delegated targets roles -- *bins* or *bin-n*.

The only exception is the *timestamp* metadata file, whose version is not known

> in advance, when a client performs an update. Instead the *timestamp* metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in advance, when a client performs an update. The *timestamp* metadata
```

> serves as version root. That is, it lists the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lists the
```

> version of the *snapshot* metadata, which in turn lists the versions of *root*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of the *snapshot* metadata, which in turn lists the versions of the
```

Producing Consistent Snapshots
------------------------------

Given a project, PyPI is responsible for updating the *bin-n* metadata.  Every
project MUST upload its release in a single transaction.  The uploaded set of
files is called the "project transaction".  How PyPI MAY validate the files in
a project transaction is discussed in a later section.  For now, the focus is
on how PyPI will respond to a project transaction.

When a project uploads a new transaction, the project transaction process MUST
add all new targets and relevant delegated *bin-n* metadata. Finally, the

> project transaction process MUST inform the snapshot process about new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project transaction process MUST inform the snapshot process about any new
```

> delegated *bin-n* metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*bin-n* metadata.
```

Project transaction processes SHOULD be automated and MUST also be applied
atomically: either all metadata and targets -- or none of them -- are added.
The project transaction and snapshot processes SHOULD work concurrently.

> Finally, project transaction processes SHOULD keep in memory the latest *bin-n*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, project transaction processes SHOULD use the latest *bin-n*
```

metadata so that they will be correctly updated in new consistent snapshots.

> Signing updated *snapshot*, *timestamp*, and *bin-n* metadata needs to be done on each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signing updated *timestamp*, *snapshot*, and *bin-n* metadata needs to be done on each
```

The snapshot process is fairly simple and SHOULD be automated.  The snapshot

> process MUST keep in memory the latest working set of *root*, *targets*, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process SHOULD use the latest working set of the *targets* and all
```

> delegated targets roles (i.e. *bins* and *bin-n* roles).  Upon an update, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delegated targets roles' (i.e. *bins* and *bin-n* roles) metadata.  Upon an update, the
```
